{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0506020202030204}Arial Narrow;}
{\f113\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}{\f114\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}{\f116\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f117\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f118\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author James Khong}
{\operator James Khong}{\creatim\yr1999\mo12\dy3\hr18\min1}{\revtim\yr1999\mo12\dy5\hr19\min11}{\version3}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords208}{\nofchars1189}{\*\company Vantis}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale103\viewzk2 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid {\b\f16\cgrid0 CRAPS Design Example
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\cgrid0 
\par The is a
n example VHDL design that monitors a game of craps. Craps is a dice game consisting of a series of rolls that determines a winning or losing point. The circuit keeps track of the dice rolls as a sequence of events, and determines at each roll if the play
er has won or lost. 
\par 
\par The game starts with an initial roll of the dice. If the roll is a 2, the player loses. If the roll is a 7 or 11, the player wins. If, however, the roll is a number other than 2, 7, or 11, then that number becomes the "point." In order
 to win the game, the player must roll the point again before rolling a 7. If the player rolls a 7 before rolling the point, the player loses. The craps circuit accepts the value of each roll on its input and reports a win or loss on its outputs after eac
h subsequent roll. The new_game input resets the circuit, and roll provides the clocking of each subsequent roll.
\par 
\par Two files are provided for testing the design. Crapstb.vhd is a VHDL testbench for the craps design.  Craps.abv are Abel test vectors that can be used to simulate the synthesized logic.
\par 
\par Note that this design uses std_logic_vector for the \ldblquote Number\rdblquote  signal.  if this design uses an enumerated type (dice of type range 0 to 12;
) for one of the top-level ports. While interesting, we do not, in general, recommend this practice. The reason is that it will cause the VHDL post-route netlis
t to be non "plug compatible" with the VHDL testbench (since post-route netlists are almost always produced in terms of std_logic).
\par }}